Metric-generator Java compiler based on OpenJDK 6.
============================================

What is it? What was this made for?
--------------------------------------------
A Java compiler built upon the code of OpenJDK 1.6 with the addition of a module which generates metrics for the usage of concurrent programming constructs. It was written to help me with a research done about modularity of Java concurrent constructs in some software.

Just the *langtools* module of the OpenJDK code was brought here, which includes the *javac* compiler. It's basically this module with some code added.

There is also included a metrics calculator, written in Python, which reads the metric entries generated by the compiler and calculate the actual metrics.


Build
--------------------------------------------
Required:

* JDK 1.6 (not recommended later versions)
* Ant 1.6.5 or later

Follow this instructions:

1. Change `boot.java.home` value in the `make/build.properties` file to the path of your JDK 6.
2. Go to the `make/` directory. Run `make` if provided by your system, otherwise run `ant`.


Usage
--------------------------------------------
Build some Java program using this compiler. Be sure that the `java` command is in your system PATH.

* If using Linux, give permissions to `javac` script included here with `chmod +x javac` and run this script as an a normal *javac* executable. 
* Windows not supported yet.
* Not tested in MacOSX.

Compatible with build frameworks like Ant and Maven. Just set the compiler executable to the custom `javac` script in its settings files (like `build.xml` or `pom.xml`). If the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable is needed, point it to a standard OpenJDK 6 directory.

Expected results
--------------------------------------------
For each *javac* call there must be a `metrics_output.txt` file generated with some declaration list collected from your built software. This file will usually be placed in the root directory of its source.

If just one output file was generated, just copy it to a file named `all_metrics_output.txt`. If multiple files from multiple modules were generated, merge them to an unique file. I do this with a *bash* command:

```bash
cat $(find . | grep "/metrics_output.txt") | sort -u > all_metrics_output.txt
```

Then run the `metrics_calculator.py` script to calculate the metrics (Python 2.6 or later needed). Go to the directory containing the `all_metrics_output.txt` file and run the script. It will generate a `metrics.txt` output file.


Original README
--------------------------------------------
Check the README file.
